docs: add descriptions for types of permissions (#23781)
electron/electron: docs/api/session.md

* `handler` Function | null
  * `webContents` [WebContents](web-contents.md) - WebContents requesting the permission.  Please note that if the request comes from a subframe you should use `requestingUrl` to check the request origin.

>   * `permission` String - Types of permission that can be requested

Reviewer: can you add a period here for consistency?

Reviewer: this should also be formatted like so:
```
`permission` String - Types of permission that can be requested.
   * `media` - Allows app to access media files from a user's device with the user's consent.
   * etc
```

There's no need to redundantly specify string

```

>     * `media` - Allows app to access media files from a user's device with the user's consent.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    * `media` - Allows access to media files from a device with the user's consent.
```

>     * `media` - Allows app to access media files from a user's device with the user's consent.

Reviewer 3: Yes thats correct, its for media devices camera, microphone.

>     * `geolocation` - Allows app to get the user's current location.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    * `geolocation` - Allows access to the user's current location.
```

>     * `notifications` - Allows app to create notifications and display them in the user's system tray.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    * `notifications` - Allows notification creation and the ability to display them in the user's system tray.
```

>     * `midiSysex` - Allows the usage of sysex messages in the `webmidi` API.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    * `midiSysex` - Allows the use of sysex messages in the `webmidi` API.
```

    * `pointerLock` - Allows the app to directly interpret mouse movements as an input method.

>     * `fullscreen` - Allows application to run in fullscreen mode.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    * `fullscreen` - Allows the app to run in fullscreen mode.
```

Reviewer 3: `run in fullscreen mode` -> `enter fullscreen mode`

>     * `openExternal` - Allows the app to open specific application based on the url and filetype association.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    * `openExternal` - Allows the app to open a specific application based on the URL and file type association.
```

Reviewer 4: I'm unclear as to what "file type association" means here. From what I understand from the original PR (#5231), this is meant for custom browser protocols.

Reviewer 3: Not browser protocols but generally schemes that are registered by other applications they can handle with the OS, ex: `mailto`, `ms-settings:` etc, so these are schemes external to your app.
